Space smells like a combination of diesel fuel and barbecue, according to astronauts. The smell is caused by dying stars.
Rapunzel, Rapunzel! A single strand of hair can hold up to 3 ounces of weight. That means the typical person’s full head of hair can support up to 12 tons.
Cornell University scientists have created a functioning guitar the size of a human blood cell.
Many oranges are green when they’re ripe. Scientists remove their chlorophyll to make them more appealing to North American consumers.
The average person walks the equivalent of 5 laps around the world during their lifetime.
The chills you get when listening to music are caused by your brain releasing dopamine, a neurotransmitter that causes pleasure.
Women constitute 70 percent of Iranian university science and engineering students.
A British research study found that watching a horror film prior to viewing abstract art enhances the enjoyment of the art for most people.
In 2005, an Australian research institute published a study on the loss of teaspoons in the workplace.    
The average bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 pieces of bread.     
The scientific name for brain freeze is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.    
Researchers from Heidelberg University Hospital have determined it takes 6 minutes for alcohol to impact human brain cells.   
In 1992, 29,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea, and they are still being discovered in unexpected places.
Globally, only 2 percent of the population has green eyes.
Great Britain briefly had a Cones Hotline in the early 1990s. It was a special number citizens could call if they saw traffic cones on the road for no reason. It was disbanded after three years because almost no one ever called it.
A New Jersey man flunked out of law school and subsequently sued the school for having accepted him in the first place.
Dean Kamen, the inventor of the Segway, owns an island off the coast of Connecticut called North Dumpling Island. The island has its own constitution, flag, currency and even navy (though the navy is made up of just one boat). It also has a replica of Stonehenge. Kamen refers to himself as Lord Dumpling, though the island is not technically recognized as separate from the U.S.
The Waldorf Astoria hotel once had its own private railroad track at Grand Central so that its guests could clandestinely enter and exit New York City. Largely abandoned now, it operates only when the president is in town, in case the need arises for an emergency exit.
New York City’s oldest house is a cottage in Queens near LaGuardia Airport. It was built in 1654 by the Rikers family (the same family that gave Rikers Island its name) and even has a family cemetery in the backyard.
The top speed of the first American car race in 1895 for 7 mph.
The first African-American to win the Nobel Peace Prize was Ralph Bunche, who won in 1950 for his meditation work in Israel. He was also involved in the formation of the United Nations.
Barbed wire was invented in 1845 and was largely responsible for putting cowboys out of business since it provided cheap and easy fencing.
The first U.S. town to be completely lit by electric streetlights was Wabash, Indiana, in 1880. It had a population of 320 at the time.
Ocean liner stewardess Violet Jessop was on board during the three largest ship sinkings in history: the Titanic, the Britannic, and the Olympic.